# This is cat-command

Here, [option(s)] is an optional argument that allows you to specify various options, such as -n to number each line of the output, and [file(s)] is the file or files that you want to display the contents of. If no file is specified, cat reads from standard input (i.e., keyboard input). The cat command is commonly used to display the contents of text files, such as configuration files, log files, and source code files. You can use it to quickly view the contents of a file on the command line without having to open it in an editor or other program. In addition to displaying the contents of a file, the cat command can also be used to combine the contents of two or more files. For example, you can use the command cat file1.txt file2.txt > combined.txt to concatenate the contents of file1.txt and file2.txt into a new file called combined.txt. The cat command is a simple yet powerful tool that is widely used in Unix/Linux environments. It is often used in combination with other commands and tools to accomplish more complex tasks.

# what is shell script

<br/> This script first specifies the path to the file that it wants to read using the file_path variable. It then uses the $(<"$file_path") syntax to read the contents of the file into the file_contents variable. Finally, it prints the contents of the file_contents variable using the echo command. Note that the $(<"$file_path") syntax is a shorthand way to read the contents of a file. It is equivalent to using the cat command, like this: file_contents=$(cat "$file_path"). However, the $(<) syntax is faster and more efficient for reading the contents of a file. Also, keep in mind that if the file contains special characters or newlines, the contents may not be stored correctly in the variable. In such cases, you may need to use additional commands or options to handle the contents of the file. <br/>
